[Update] update audio-based model (#2570)
open-mmlab/mmaction2: configs/recognition_audio/resnet/README.md

<!-- [ABSTRACT] -->

> We present Audiovisual SlowFast Networks, an architecture for integrated audiovisual perception. AVSlowFast has Slow and Fast visual pathways that are deeply inte- grated with a Faster Audio pathway to model vision and sound in a unified representation. We fuse audio and vi- sual features at multiple layers, enabling audio to con- tribute to the formation of hierarchical audiovisual con- cepts. To overcome training difficulties that arise from dif- ferent learning dynamics for audio and visual modalities, we introduce DropPathway, which randomly drops the Au- dio pathway during training as an effective regularization technique. Inspired by prior studies in neuroscience, we perform hierarchical audiovisual synchronization to learn joint audiovisual features. We report state-of-the-art results on six video action classification and detection datasets, perform detailed ablation studies, and show the gener- alization of AVSlowFast to learn self-supervised audiovisual features.

Author: ```suggestion
We present Audiovisual SlowFast Networks, an architecture for integrated audiovisual perception. AVSlowFast has Slow and Fast visual pathways that are deeply integrated with a Faster Audio pathway to model vision and sound in a unified representation. We fuse audio and visual features at multiple layers, enabling audio to contribute to the formation of hierarchical audiovisual concepts. To overcome training difficulties that arise from different learning dynamics for audio and visual modalities, we introduce DropPathway, which randomly drops the Au- dio pathway during training as an effective regularization technique. Inspired by prior studies in neuroscience, we perform hierarchical audiovisual synchronization to learn joint audiovisual features. We report state-of-the-art results on six video action classification and detection datasets, perform detailed ablation studies, and show the generalization of AVSlowFast to learn self-supervised audiovisual features.
```
